CTO is at the maximal physiological limit. Pulmonary trunk calibration is 31. It is wider than normal. The right pulmonary artery is 28 mm wider than normal. Left pulmonary artery is 30 mm wider than normal. The ascending aorta is 45 mm wider than normal. The aortic arch was measured 35 mm wider than normal. Calcific atheroma plaques are observed in the descending and ascending aorta in the aortic arch, and in the coronary arteries. No lymph node with pathological size and configuration was detected in the mediastinum. No pathological size and configuration of lymph nodes were detected at both hilar levels. Thoracic esophagus calibration was normal and no significant tumoral wall thickening was detected. In the evaluation of both lungs in the parenchyma window; Calibration of trachea and main bronchi is normal, their lumens are clear. There are ground-glass-like density increments in both lungs that show marked confluency that greatly narrows the aeration. In the pandemic process, the findings are included in covid pneumonia in the differential diagnosis, but they are included in pathologies that cause similar findings such as other viral pneumonias and organizing pneumonia in the differential diagnosis. It is recommended to be evaluated together with clinical and laboratory. In the sections passing through the upper abdomen, there is a decrease in density consistent with steatosis in the liver. Right adrenal glands were normal and no space-occupying lesion was detected. There is a hypodense lesion with a uniformly circumscribed hypodense appearance, approximately 25 mm in diameter and 0 HU density value, in the left adrenal lateral crus. It was evaluated as compatible with adenoma. Pancreas, kidney, spleen are natural. There is a hiatal hernia. Degenerative changes are observed in the bone structure entering the examination area.In the pandemic process, the findings are included in covid pneumonia in the differential diagnosis, but also in pathologies that cause similar findings such as other viral pneumonias and organizing pneumonia in the differential diagnosis. It is recommended to be evaluated together with the clinic and laboratory.  Increase in calibration in the main vascular structures in the mediastinum.  Hiatal hernia. Left adrenal adenoma.
